Skip download of artifacts with dbt Cloud CLI (#5954)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/configure-cloud-cli.md

This command moves the `dbt_cloud.yml` from the `Downloads` folder to the `.dbt` folder. If your `dbt_cloud.yml` file is located elsewhere, adjust the path accordingly.

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="How to skip artifacts from being downloaded">

> By default, [all artifacts](/reference/artifacts/dbt-artifacts) are downloaded when you execute dbt commands from the dbt Cloud CLI. To skip these files from being downloaded, add `--download-artifacts=false` to the dbt command you want to run. This can help improve run-time performance but might break workflows that depend on assets like the [manifest](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json). 

Reviewer: Just reducing the number of times we're using "dbt." Since we refer to them as just "commands" in the article below, this should align with the presentation.
```suggestion
By default, [all artifacts](/reference/artifacts/dbt-artifacts) are downloaded when you execute dbt commands from the dbt Cloud CLI. To skip these files from being downloaded, add `--download-artifacts=false` to the command you want to run. This can help improve run-time performance but might break workflows that depend on assets like the [manifest](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json). 
```

Author: makes sense!

This command moves the `dbt_cloud.yml` from the `Downloads` folder to the `.dbt` folder. If your `dbt_cloud.yml` file is located elsewhere, adjust the path accordingly.

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="How to skip artifacts from being downloaded">

> By default, all artifacts are downloaded when you execute dbt commands from the dbt Cloud CLI. To skip these files from being downloaded, add `--download-artifacts=false` to the dbt command you want to run. This can help improve run-time performance but can also result in unexpected behavior so be careful. 

Reviewer 2: "This can help improve run-time performance but may break workflows that depend on assets like the manifest." Ideally with a link to the manifest/artifacts docs.

> By default, all artifacts are downloaded when you execute dbt commands from the dbt Cloud CLI. To skip these files from being downloaded, add `--download-artifacts=false` to the dbt command you want to run. This can help improve run-time performance but can also result in unexpected behavior so be careful. 

Author: ```suggestion
By default, [all artifacts](/reference/artifacts/dbt-artifacts) are downloaded when you execute dbt commands from the dbt Cloud CLI. To skip these files from being downloaded, add `--download-artifacts=false` to the dbt command you want to run. This can help improve run-time performance but might break workflows that depend on assets like the [manifest](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json). 

```
